Yeah, some of what I've written has been taken quite seriously by the critics.
And I feel I'm able to sort of bisect two worlds, really.
I mean, you know, people inclined to take me reasonably seriously.
You know the thing is you see I mean I enjoy writing, and it seems to me a lot of thriller writers don't actually like writing. They don't like sort of you know the business of creating um a novel. They enjoy the research rather than the actual uh construction of the book, but I just I mean I enjoy writing a piece of prose and therefore I mean I hope that comes through you know um but I never lose sight of the fact that you know
Some guys paid $20 to buy the book and read it.
You know what, Phillip?
Somebody's desperately trying to get me here, and I am expecting a poor girl.
So I think I've got plenty of stuff right here, so I'm going to break it off.
I think I'm going to take this off.
All right.
Well, if you find your day, do call back.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
It was good speaking to you.
Good.
Bye-bye.